
# ID1201 Meeting 2

## Questions for Leif
- We are somewhat confused regarding the difference between MVC and MVVM, especially regarding the server-side layers.
    - View on client and controller and model on server-side. State-management -> redux. Structure server-side as MVC and call when appropriate.
- How can we split up a database in microservices (we have decided the project to be client-side rendering using microservices)?
    - One server is database and the other services sync with it. Depends on how we want to do it. It is low coupling if every microservice has a database of its own. With this project, we can have one database. We could, for example, have a front-end, back-end, and security microservice.
- If a communication method is found within microservices, we could get further a bonus point.
- User interface relevant?
    - Can lead to a bonus point if well implemented but not necessary.
- Could you further explain the Grading Criteria 23 regarding the GUI as we have not fully understood its requirements?
    - We can have corresponding private methods that don't have a view. It is forbidden to start a tool that doesn't have a view. We can have private APIs but it will not give any points.
- In the project hand-in page on Canvas, it is written "The result shall be a complete architecture implemented in code. It is not intended that the product shall be ready for use instead you shall develop a code skeleton spanning all layers." What do you mean by this as we don't understand what is considered a complete architecture implemented?
    - What we get points for is the grading requirement if those requirements have been reached.
- Could you further explain the Grading Criteria 14 and 13. We have not grasped the difference between the two criteria or what is meant by "It shall be possible to add a new language without changing the database schema."
    - Point 13 is only the client view side with changing languages. 14 is server-side language that should also change. The database language should also be different in order to gain points for criteria 14.
- We have taken so many courses in this program now up until Global Applications, and we were wondering if it is allowed or considered plagiarism if we use our previous hand-in projects in other courses as references in this project.
    - It is allowed, not considered plagiarism.

## Research and Tools
- Heroku decided as a cloud service.
- How to deploy a Java/Go/language in a Docker container.
- Put up the application on Heroku.
- Arrange an account on Heroku (Daniel).
- Implement an environment for the front-end (Daniel).

## IDEs
- VSCode for Go
- PyCharm for Python
- IntelliJ for Java

## Project Management
- Document all architectural decisions we make - Use wiki.
- Commit configuration files.
- Decided to have one repo per microservice.
